END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR VOXELS LIBRARY
Voxels Library - Library for Voxel manipulation and polygonization

IMPORTANT—READ CAREFULLY: This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Stoyan Nikolov for the Voxels Library that accompanies this EULA, which includes computer software and may include associated media, printed materials, "online" or electronic documentation, and Internet-based services ("Software").  An amendment or addendum to this EULA may accompany the Software.  YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS EULA BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY, OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1.	GRANT OF LICENSE.  Stoyan Nikolov grants you the following rights provided that you comply with all terms and conditions of this EULA:
       1.1	General License Grant. Stoyan Nikolov grants to you as an individual, a personal, nonexclusive license to make and use copies of the Software for the purposes of designing, developing, and testing your software product(s), provided that you are the only individual using the Software.  
              If you are an entity, Stoyan Nikolov grants to you a personal, nonexclusive license to make and use copies of the Software, provided that for each individual using the Software within your organization, you have acquired a separate and valid license for each such individual.  
       1.2	Documentation.  You may make and use an unlimited number of copies of any documentation, provided that such copies shall be used only for personal purposes and are not to be republished or distributed (either in hard copy or electronic form) beyond your premises.
       1.3	Storage/Network Use. You may also store or install a copy of the Software on a storage device, such as a network server, used only to install or run the Software on computers used by a licensed end user in accordance with Section 1.1.  A single license for the Software may not be shared or used concurrently by multiple end users.

2.	RESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP.  Stoyan Nikolov reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this EULA.  The Software is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties. Stoyan Nikolov or its suppliers own the title, copyright, and other intellectual property rights in the Software.  The Software is licensed, not sold.
3.	LIMITATIONS ON REVERSE ENGINEERING, DECOMPILATION, AND DISASSEMBLY.  You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.
4.	NO RENTAL/COMMERCIAL HOSTING. You may not rent, lease, lend or provide commercial hosting services with the Software.
5.	CONSENT TO USE OF DATA.  You agree that Stoyan Nikolov and its affiliates may collect and use technical information gathered as part of the product support services provided to you, if any, related to the Software.  Stoyan Nikolov may use this information solely to improve our products or to provide customized services or technologies to you and will not disclose this information in a form that personally identifies you.   
6.	LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES.  You may link to third party sites through the use of the Software.  The third party sites are not under the control of Stoyan Nikolov, and Stoyan Nikolov is not responsible for the contents of any third party sites, any links contained in third party sites, or any changes or updates to third party sites.  Stoyan Nikolov is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any third party sites.  Stoyan Nikolov is providing these links to third party sites to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply an endorsement by Stoyan Nikolov of the third party site.
7.	EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  You acknowledge that the Software is subject to EU export jurisdiction.  You agree to comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the Software.
8.	TERMINATION.  Without prejudice to any other rights, Stoyan Nikolov may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the Software and all of its component parts.
9.	DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, Stoyan Nikolov AND ITS SUPPLIERS PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE AND SUPPORT SERVICES (IF ANY) AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY (IF ANY) IMPLIED WARRANTIES, DUTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF RELIABILITY OR AVAILABILITY, OF ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF RESPONSES, OF RESULTS, OF WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, OF LACK OF VIRUSES, AND OF LACK OF NEGLIGENCE, ALL WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE, AND THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT OR OTHER SERVICES, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, AND RELATED CONTENT THROUGH THE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE.  ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION OR NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE.
10.	EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL Stoyan Nikolov OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, FOR FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE, FOR NEGLIGENCE, AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT OR OTHER SERVICES, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, AND RELATED CONTENT THROUGH THE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE, OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS EULA, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF THE FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), MISREPRESENTATION, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF WARRANTY OF Stoyan Nikolov OR ANY SUPPLIER, AND EVEN IF Stoyan Nikolov OR ANY SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
11.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY DAMAGES THAT YOU MIGHT INCUR FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL DAMAGES REFERENCED HEREIN AND ALL DIRECT OR GENERAL DAMAGES IN CONTRACT OR ANYTHING ELSE), THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF Stoyan Nikolov AND ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS EULA AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY HEREUNDER SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF THE ACTUAL DAMAGES YOU INCUR IN REASONABLE RELIANCE ON THE SOFTWARE UP TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE OR US$5.00.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

